[rocsparse] New build system (#2746)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CMakeLists.txt

# Copyright Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or its affiliates.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.25.2 FATAL_ERROR)

set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON CACHE BOOL "Export compile_commands.json for clang tooling")

list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake")

project(rocsparse VERSION 4.2.0 LANGUAGES CXX C)

if(POLICY CMP0066)
    cmake_policy(SET CMP0066 NEW) # Honor per-config flags in try_compile()
endif()

if(POLICY CMP0077)

>     cmake_policy(SET CMP0077 NEW) # option() honors normal variables

Reviewer: I agreed to use option because it is a little cleaner but the hidden, misunderstood behavior of option vs set(CACHE) bit me recently and I am having second thoughts about it.

if(CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX_INITIALIZED_TO_DEFAULT)
    if(WIN32)
        set(CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX "C:/hipSDK" CACHE PATH "Install path prefix" FORCE)
    else()
        set(CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX "/opt/rocm" CACHE PATH "Install path prefix" FORCE)
    endif()
endif()

# --- Build Options ---

option(ROCSPARSE_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS "Build rocSPARSE as a shared library" ON)
option(ROCSPARSE_BUILD_TESTING "Build tests (requires googletest)" ON)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_BENCHMARKS "Build benchmarks" ON)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_SAMPLES "Build examples" OFF)
option(ROCSPARSE_BUILD_DOCS "Build documentation" OFF)

# Optional features
option(ROCSPARSE_BUILD_COVERAGE "Build with code coverage enabled" OFF)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_ASAN "Build with address sanitizer enabled" OFF)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_FORTRAN "Build rocSPARSE clients requiring Fortran capabilities" ON)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_MEMSTAT "Build with memory statistics enabled" OFF)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_ILP64 "Build with rocsparse_int equal to int64_t" OFF)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_COMPRESSED_DBG "Enable compressed debug symbols" ON)
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_ROCBLAS "Enable building rocSPARSE with rocBLAS" ON)

> option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_MARKER "Enable rocTracer marker support" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cmake_dependent_option(HIPBLASLT_ENABLE_MARKER "Use the marker library." ON "NOT WIN32" OFF)
```
